Correct spelling errors and include omitted words in the documentation. (#835)
plone/training: docs/voltohandson/quickstart.md

```shell
yo @plone/volto
```

> The dialogue in the console will ask you first to prompt a name for your project. When choosing an appropriate name, please note that due to a current bug your name should not begin with a number. After you have given a name to your project, you will be asked weather you want to install any addons. You can skip by pressing the `enter` button, as we don't want to use any third-party addons for the training.

Reviewer: This has additional English grammar, MyST syntax enhancements, and conforms to the [Plone documentation styleguide](https://6.docs.plone.org/contributing/documentation/authors.html#plone-documentation-styleguide) of one sentence per line in narrative docs.

```suggestion
The dialogue in the console will first prompt you for a name for your project.
When choosing an appropriate name, please note that due to a current bug, your name should not begin with a number.
After you have given a name to your project, you will be asked whether you want to install any add-ons.
You can skip ahead by pressing the {kbd}`enter` button, as we don't want to use any third-party add-ons for the training.
```
